docs/BUILDING.md, before:

# Building Instructions

To build Fluentflame from source you need to have the following tools installed on your system:

- [git](https://git-scm.com/install/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
 
Next you have to clone our repository like this:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FluentFlame/fluentflame-reader.git
```

 if you use ssh, change the repo link to:

```bash
git@github.com:FluentFlame/fluentflame-reader.git
```

---
## Dependencies

Go to the cloned directory and install the necessary dependencies with:

```bash
npm install
```

This will install the packages that Fluentflame needs to build, don't worry, this will only install those dependencies to the cloned directory, not to your global system :)

---

## Build ts & dependencies

Simply type this on your terminal:

```bash
npm run build
```

With this command you will proceed to compile everything you need to run the app, keep in mind that depending on the hardware you use this can be fast or it can take time.

---

## Start the application and test run

If you just want to test the app without packaging it, run this:

```bash
npm run electron
```

You can also do a simple test to check very basic things like this:

```bash
npm run test
```

---

## Package app for Windows

First of all, you'll probably need a certificate for code signing. Generate one with:

```bash
npx electron-builder create-self-signed-cert
```

And you are now ready to make the Windows package:

```bash
npm run package-win
```
---

## Linux packaging

On Linux there are different package formats and it can be confusing, but if you need help figuring out which package you need, don't worry, an explanation will be added in each format n.n

- AppImage: AppImage is a "more global" format, you can read about it [here](https://appimage.org/), but the important thing is: it can run on different distributions (if they support it) and it's portable, you don't even need to install it. To package the app in this format just run:

```bash
npm run package-appimage
```

- Debian package: If you're using a Linux distribution like Ubuntu or Debian or any based on them, it's probably more convenient to package the app in a `deb`, the extension used for Debian packages. To do this, run:

```bash
npm run package-deb
```

- Tarball: Use this if you don't want to use AppImage and you're not on a distribution that supports Debian packages (like Arch Linux)

```bash
npm run package-tarball
```

---

## Package app for macOS

To build the mac package the only option currently available is:

```bash
npm run package-universal-mac
```

And that's it!

---

# Debugging Common Build Problems

In this section we will be adding problems that we have found in specific situations when trying to build from source, we invite everyone to contribute what they have found and how to solve it. It may be useful to someone :3

- **JavaScript heap out of memory error**: This error can occur when building dependencies, although it could only happen in very low end hardware (less than 4 GB of RAM), most will not find this issue but if you have it, try to increase the node.js memory limit to a higher level (if you have enough memory), currently the lowest low end hardware we have tested is an intel core 2 duo with 2 GB of RAM. In that case, the solution was to run the build by raising the memory limit to 1280 MB, like this:

```bash
NODE_OPTIONS="--max-old-space-size=1280" npm run build
```
---

I hope these instructions have been useful for you, we made them thinking that they would be understandable by both beginners and experts. Something more human than just empty instructions.

Please let us know if you have any opinions or suggestions for changes to these instructions, as we would be happy to receive feedback.

Commit message:

Add pnpm building documentation & workspace
Ensure we're clear that pnpm is supported on a best-effort
basis.

The pnpm-workspace.yaml is needed to approve electron for
running.

Change some minor formatting in BUILDING.md to match the README.md
style.

docs/BUILDING.md, after:

# Building Instructions

To build Fluentflame from source you need to have the following tools installed on your system:

- [git](https://git-scm.com/install/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
 
Next you have to clone our repository like this:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FluentFlame/fluentflame-reader.git
```

or if you use ssh:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:FluentFlame/fluentflame-reader.git
```

---

# NPM Instructions

`npm` is the officially supported way to build Fluentflame Reader from source.

## Dependencies

Go to the cloned directory and install the necessary dependencies with:

```bash
npm install
```

This will install the packages that Fluentflame needs to build, don't worry, this will only install those dependencies to the cloned directory, not to your global system :)

## Compile ts & run webpack

Simply type this on your terminal:

```bash
npm run build
```

With this command you will proceed to compile everything you need to run the app, keep in mind that depending on the hardware you use this can be fast or it can take time.

This command generates the `dist/` directory, which acts as a staging ground for packaging.

## Start the application & test run

If you just want to test the app without packaging it, run this:

```bash
npm run electron
```

You can also do a simple test to check very basic things like this:

```bash
npm run test
```

# PNPM Instructions

`pnpm` support is on a best-effort basis.

Please see [pnpm_building.md](/docs/pnpm_building.md)
for details.

---

# Packaging

*For all of these instructions, if you use `pnpm`, instead replace `npm` and `npx`
with `pnpm` instead.*

## Package app for Windows

First of all, you'll probably need a certificate for code signing. Generate one with:

```bash
npx electron-builder create-self-signed-cert
```

And you are now ready to make the Windows package:

```bash
npm run package-win
```

## Linux packaging

On Linux there are different package formats and it can be confusing, but if you need help figuring out which package you need, don't worry, an explanation will be added in each format n.n

- AppImage: AppImage is a "more global" format, you can read about it [here](https://appimage.org/), but the important thing is: it can run on different distributions (if they support it) and it's portable, you don't even need to install it. To package the app in this format just run:

```bash
npm run package-appimage
```

- Debian package: If you're using a Linux distribution like Ubuntu or Debian or any based on them, it's probably more convenient to package the app in a `deb`, the extension used for Debian packages. To do this, run:

```bash
npm run package-deb
```

- Tarball: Use this if you don't want to use AppImage and you're not on a distribution that supports Debian packages (like Arch Linux)

```bash
npm run package-tarball
```

## Package app for macOS

To build the mac package the only option currently available is:

```bash
npm run package-universal-mac
```

And that's it!

# Debugging Common Build Problems

In this section we will be adding problems that we have found in specific situations when trying to build from source, we invite everyone to contribute what they have found and how to solve it. It may be useful to someone :3

- **JavaScript heap out of memory error**: This error can occur when building dependencies, although it could only happen in very low end hardware (less than 4 GB of RAM), most will not find this issue but if you have it, try to increase the node.js memory limit to a higher level (if you have enough memory), currently the lowest low end hardware we have tested is an intel core 2 duo with 2 GB of RAM. In that case, the solution was to run the build by raising the memory limit to 1280 MB, like this:

```bash
NODE_OPTIONS="--max-old-space-size=1280" npm run build
```
---

I hope these instructions have been useful for you, we made them thinking that they would be understandable by both beginners and experts. Something more human than just empty instructions.

Please let us know if you have any opinions or suggestions for changes to these instructions, as we would be happy to receive feedback.
